


1. Tell me about a time you needed to get information from someone who wasn't very responsive. What did vou do?
2. Give an example of a time you had to respond to an unhappy manager/ customer/ colleague/ professor. What did you do?
3. Was there ever a time when you weren't honest at work? Or a time it was difficult to be honest? What happened?
4. Describe a time you had to criticize or give negative feedback to someone. How did you go about doing it?
5. What do you do if you disagree with your boss?


1. Give me an example of a time you faced a conflict while working on a team. How did you handle that?
2. Talk about a time when you had to work closely with someone whose personality was very different from yours.
3. Talk about a time when your team members had to compromise.
What was the result?
4. Tell me about a time you wish you'd handled a situation differently with a colleague.
5. Tell me about a time when you had to rely on written communication to get your ideas across to your team.


1. Tell me about a time when you made a mistake. What did you do to correct it?
2. Describe a time when you had to come up with a creative way to complete a project or solve a problem. What steps did you take?
3. Give an example of an occasion when you used logic to solve a problem.
4. Tell me about a time you were under a lot of pressure. What was going on, and how did you get through it?
5. Share a time you postponed making a decision about something.
6. What made the decision difficult, and how did you decide?

1. Tell me about yourself.
2. What are your greatest strengths and weaknesses?
3. What do you like and dislike about your current position?
4. How do you define success? And how do you measure up to your own definition?
5. What motivates you?
6. What three words would you choose to best describe yourself?
7. Why should we hire you?
8. How would you improve our product/service?

1. What are your long-term and short-term goals in your professional (and personal) life?
2. Do you prefer to work alone or with a team?
3. Where do you see ourself in 10 ears?
4. What kinds of decisions are most difficult for you?
5. What makes you happy?
6. What are the three things that are most important for you in a job?
7. What's the most interesting thing about you that we wouldn't learn from vour resume alone?
8. What do you do in your spare time?

1. Describe a time when you had to come up with a creative way to complete a project or solve a problem. What steps did you take?
2. Tell me about a time when you tried to reduce stress for a coworker.
3. Tell me about a time you were dissatisfied in your work. What could have been done to make it better?
4. Give me an example of a time when you were able to successfullv persuade someone to see things your way at work.
5. Talk about a time when you had to work closely with someone whose personality was very different from yours.
6. Describe your time management skills. How do you prioritize tasks?


1. Tell me about a time you failed. How did you deal with the situation?
2. Talk about a time when you were in conflict with someone and how the situation was resolved.
3. Tell me about a goal you set and reached and how you achieved it.
4. Tell me about a time your responsibilities got a little overwhelming.
What did you do?
5. Describe a time you went above and beyond for work.
6. What steps do you take to verify that your work is accurate?
7. Share an example of how you were able to motivate a coworker, your peers, or your team.

